{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27400\viewh15420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Group Modules\'94 file takes gene enrichment in each cluster as input and combine it into the total NES for a gene set. Basically, we are making a custom gene set by only including genes that we find unregulated across all clusters.  \
\
\'93grouped_heatmaps\'94 was an early exploration of looking at summed NES across gene sets\
\
\'93cluster_x_x111\'94 files are used to define the intersection of genes across similar gene sets. If there are less than 3 genes for a common gene set, then the gene set is not kept.  \
\
Cluster comparison:\
Center: 3s3o3b\
Middle: 1s2o2b\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Middle_ALTERNATIVE: 4s2o2b - tgfbeta, went beta, hedgehog, angiogenesis, myogenesis, notch signaling 
\b0 \
Middle_ALTERNATIVE: 2s2o3b/4s2o3b - myc targets, protein secretion, mtorc1, p13k, patty acid metabolism, adipogenesis, \
Middle_ALTERNATIVE: 2s0o3b - ox phos\
Middle_ALTERNATIVE: 1s2o3b - protein secretion, uv down, myogenesis, heme metabolism, androgen response draw down, bile acid\
Surface: 5s5o5b, and 6s4o4b\
\
\
How to run:\
1) run GSEA on all clusters in all biology. \
2) see if any clusters have similar gene sets that are high\
3) if they do, 
\b extract the UNION of the genes that make each of these gene sets high. \
	- 
\b0 this adds extra stringency to the analysis. I could also just look (over all genes) which gene sets were enriched and plot a heat map showing this enrichment\
\
4) this UNION is very important. look at the length of the union to find which gene sets are marked by many genes\
\
\
so, if doing a step by step running of the code\
1) use GSEA enrich comparison code to figure out which cluster are similar to one another across tissues\
2) use the individual \'93cluster_x_x111\'94 codes to find common leading edges between shared unregulated gene sets from common clusters\
	these files output a variety of information - \'91all_genes_unique_x.rds\'94 files and \'93x_x_annotations.rds\'94 files\
3) Next try \'91grouped modules\'92 file to average the intersection of common genes as a score for each gene set\
\
\
\
\
}